Migrate pre/post-compute configuration to a list (#286)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-sms: CHANGELOG.md

## [[NEXT]](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-sms/releases/tag/vNEXT) 2025

### New Features

> - Migrate pre/post-compute configuration to a list. (#286)

Reviewer: May require iteration and refinement, even in a PR to come
```suggestion
- SMS can now be configured with a list of TEE-ready pre/post-compute applications for SGX tasks. (#286)
```
